Improve query registration and schema validation (#243)
Automattic/remote-data-blocks: docs/extending/data-source.md

# Data source

A data source defines basic reusable properties of an API and is used by a [query](query.md) to reduce boilerplate. It allows helps this plugin represent your data source in the plugin settings screen and other UI.

## Example

> Most HTTP-powered APIs can be represented by defining a class that extends `HttpDataSource`. Here's an example of a data source for US ZIP code data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most HTTP-powered APIs can be represented by defining a class that extends `HttpDataSource`. Here's an example of a data source for an example HTTP API:
```
